Fix docs for build-cross-osx and build-cross-arm64 (#7821)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/development/build_cross_arm.md

# How to Build ClickHouse on Linux for AARCH64 (ARM64) architecture

This is for the case when you have Linux machine and want to use it to build `clickhouse` binary that will run on another Linux machine with AARCH64 CPU architecture. This is intended for continuous integration checks that run on Linux servers.

> 

Reviewer: I didn't understand relation between the ClickHouse building and CI that run on some unknown Linux servers.

Author: The point is that the purpose of this instruction is for some CI Build to work on Linux server (with x86-64 architecture). If you can rephrase it in a better way, you're welcome.

The cross-build for AARCH64 is based on the Build instructions, follow them first.

> 

Reviewer: Void text.

Author: What is an expected action point?

# Install Clang-8

Follow the instructions from https://apt.llvm.org/ for your Ubuntu or Debian setup.

> For example the commands for Bionic are like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in Ubuntu Bionic you can use the following commands:
```
